everything with championship included something that
athletic fans expected
Tucuman was a party in a
dramatic day in defining the
Argentine tournament and now deposit now
to the dean team in the first b
national yesterday as is usual Saturdays and
Sundays where the news is always
in channel 10 we advanced this material
through tv press plus with the
coverage as only channel 10 can
offer
with an end not suitable for cardiac
athletic tucumán was champion of the
Argentine tournament and achieved the promotion to
national b the move of the
dean sympathizers started very
early in the morning
fans who could not buy their
tickets on time approached the area
of the Tucuman League to acquire its
ticket that will let them enter the
stadium at two and five in the afternoon on
stadium 'joseph earth was full
players awaited the order of the
referee for the start of the match if
well the result was adverse to him then
of the first match that was played in
córdoba dean players took the
initiative from the zero minute those of
Jorge Solari searched for all
sectors of the field of play
Sarría and company sought to disturb the
always sure esteban dei rossi the
Cordovan academy was not allowed
intimidate by the homeowner and towards
his through mauro velárdez the
meeting was vibrant and the actions were
distributed between the two paintings the
first strong emotion came to 37
minutes of the initial stage
an attack by Pablo Hernández for the
left sector sent a low center
que héctor yaya alvarez changed by goal
with a magnificent definition what
allowed the relief of the entire stadium
the minutes passed and the first
stage was coming to an end but when
all believe that the deans would go to
Rest winning 1 to 0 came the always
dangerous mauro velárdez that as in
Cordoba once again beat whoever
he would become the hero of the afternoon
lucas ischuk so things went to
rest tying one by one in the
second critical stage took one more time
the initiative and seven minutes from
Complement Maurizio Veron took a ball
that came in the form of a center and put
things 2 to 1 in favor of the dean up
here the overall result was matched
3 and while everyone did their thing not
they managed to convert over the end of
I find again the art of racing
Cordova
matthew cook with a half shot
distance than for peace of mind
fans who gave him the pass was
offside so
it was not valid the meeting was closed in
half of the court and it was time to
the penalties the moment of glory the
penalty series started with a strong
shot of goal scorer yaya alvarez that
as such it was not accurate as always to
when defining the ball hit the
crosspiece the series of 12 steps is
it was getting more and more exciting
until it's time for lucas ischuk
which first contained a penalty and then
He converted the one that touched him
in this way the dean got the tan
longed for promotion to the national b what
provoked the delirium of the fans
deans
and then delirium unleashed in the
monumental obviously in a party not
suitable for cardiac not only for
those who were in May 25 and Chile
but also for those who
they listened to the radio party there
to say that in the middle of the party and
the hubbub also spoke the
protagonists of this story
from the club's board of directors
Dean were very happy for the
achievement very pleased the truth is not
it has been a very difficult final match
worked I think we won it well they
they had 23 opportunities and in a no
they make us the goal but athletic played
much better was played as a final if it is
as a final was to be expected it was not
for luxury was to win it to the game and what
we won this mobility has ascended well
that the imported up to people is
incredible the truth that I am very
personally pleased immensely
happy for having given him from the
driving demonstrates joy to all
khan village athletic coach
tucumán explained that the work done
it paid off every tournament when one
feel
25 but good to be prepared to the
managers are going to enter to manage
the team well prepared
for now I'm here because that work
awareness athletic keep playing as
played today I am very happy because
despite being a final try to play at
football
people get nervous about the
need to be champion but they
they knew that with fair play as they say
now we had to ascend and so we
He did so we are very satisfied
mauricio verón author of the second goal
He expressed his joy at the fact that
turned with luck and grace of subway
with 0 the mind but can indeed
anyone
I think we were for the first time
to reassure a little water
we talked to any of these
comrades and we agreed that it was played
as a true end the teams
delivered everything with a final
well I think that athletic did better
things in the games deserve a
greater difference summon a little more
but well I want a lot of luck
the match of the day
and the truth is that this is very
exciting and some well then so
having achieved all this the rise to
all this big fan for all this
city ​​the truth is that it is very
important with us I work at
consciousness that I think is one of the
important points of this campaign and
in addition to working conscience also a
good group so I think that some
way came vittorio the technician
because there was a lot of game play very well
football
obviously things can come out
but to the rhythm of horns and music
the dean fans moved to
celebrate in independence plaza
finally athletic returns to the second
Argentine soccer category
and then the gray celebrations
we continue on tv press anticipating them
also that in minutes we will be with
the festivities of san martín because it
devoted champion remember the past
national Saturday see in moments nothing more
but now